today is Thursday the 17th in the nourished its started
knowledge
throughout the beginning of our
investigation we have found that the
logic of the experience of art has
as a foundation a permanent conflict
include soluble aporia reside
paradoxically their conditions of
possibility
the conflict has been exhibited as a
basic disagreement between reality
effective
and extensible of the objects of the
artifacts
and the primacy of the emergence of
works
On the other hand, this disagreement has
traditionally conceived as a
rift
between the tried in the achieved truth
of knowledge should be its
conformity to the contrary a result of
the constitution of the truth objects of
the things for which there are not the
things as they truly are
the art experience that moves us
to a dimension in which the objects do not
are found or reflected but that
are in the process of being constituted
and in this attempt to build
operations necessarily intervene
in this case the constitutive problems
differ according to the different
anthological ways of giving things in
the uniform course of experience
we are not just talking about the problem of
the subjectivity
if not the problem also to your
objectivity and objectivity in its
reference in mutual through the
art experience
just as we just pointed the
constitution is not simply the
evolution of subjectivity idealism
extreme nor the evolution of reality
as an independent process and the
consciousness realism but development
of reality and subjectivity in their
mutual fundamental relationship
in this second link relationship is going to
stress the limits of dialectics
between both poles modifying the process
constitutive of objectivity as well as
the evolution of subjectivity in the
same process in which it intervenes
in this way we will speak rather of a
involution of subjectivity that we
leaves still clear in previous strata the
constitution of objectivity in the
jump itself from the immanence of the
consciousness to the transcendence of the world
objective
as we have argued until this
moment will be their own and not themselves and
effect is of subjectivity the
only responsible for this arrest
thematized throughout the history of
thinking from different
theoretical formulations from the
Platonic idealism to phenomenology
from the bone card jana foundation of the
aesthetics to aesthetic theories
contemporary
the philosophical concern about
this strange evolution has surpassed the
conceptual frameworks of reflection
about the artistic act moving
to the structure I do not know or logic of
experience process
the overcoming of psychologism the
reduction is very positivist or of the
structuralism 1a simplifier has us
led to the immediate search for
legalities in which the process of
constitution of the objectivity that has
interrupted showing the nature of
art in the middle of the receptor dynamism
actions and acts that are required for
that a reality has the character of a
object in the world of things
the analysis of objectivity in art
He has referred us to reflect on the
various ways in which I tried
will be the gms ie is constituted
this examination has led us to the study
the conditions that make the
work of art according to the diversity of
fundamental ways of being three objects
in our conditions we have found
the objective affectations felt but
not of a I formally conceived as
the set of a priori conditions
of the objects but denounced concrete and
current that is displayed in its untimely
encounter with art
what it operated with the most index
we lived in the natural salvation of
world of things has to become
now in the object of an investigation
methodical
we have seen as a logic of
aesthetic experience has revealed us the
diversity of correlations between
material decisions and
corresponding to carry out actions
operative of subjectivity
as if we were talking about a deep
weave of strata galleries our
integration you should extend in a
gradation of levels in a
architecture of different regimes
for each unit at a higher level of
appearances it is necessary to discover a
Apparential phenomenon diversity is a
a deeper level
species hosted this complicity of
anthological ranges in their dependence on
relation to high objectives
corresponding so that each
level has to be the condition of
possibility for the attempt of
constitution of the unit
corresponding in the upper level
the analysis of the different levels of
experience demands speed the
mechanisms tricks throughout the process
knowledge
multiple types of relationships
Placement and inclusion
similarity identity fusion contrast
that the various
identification synthesis operations
thanks to which it is possible to
pretended constitution of things
but all pages of 49 50 50
work reality art and knowledge of
philosophy professor luis álvarez
falcon
the aesthetic drift after thought
contemporary with prologue by ricardo
Sanchez Ortiz de Urbina at the editorial
best series in the trends collection